Hello everyone and welcome to Paris
turf tv for your show received five
out of five the daily devoted to
quinté plus and at 5.5 today for
accompany me i get emmanuel nerd
to play manual today if hello
we will all be interested
today at this Friday's event
evening in cabourg at night is the price
of the International Horse Academy
the pine stud is a race for 5
at 8 years old on 2850 meters there are two
starting ladder and they will be sixteen
so manu a we will listen to your
prognosis and I believe that you made the
share beautiful five years a quinté of
five years but first five this is the
five years indeed with the 3 avr course
in front of the alex the winner say
atika the asset of montbrun leucate
absolute truth then the most seen
in quotation marks with the eight villages
5 natal want it thaw and six
volcano dubbi yes so in mind you
said it rank you on the 3rd of april
who stays on a success that will be feet
naked for the first time you have everything
said déferré the first four times
it's still the big plus
last time it was pornichet 16
break-in the horse made his effort
opposite that he has extended well until
post
it was not transcendent but it was
well
I really like the jean philippe driver
collin who is rarely wrong the
horse is good right handed the fao good
right handed facts to the first four
times in front of cabourg horse
relatively manageable it's better
running hidden certainly but it smells good
even if it's higher than the same
case to pornichet I think the side
of the first four times is going
improve it I would be disappointed that it does not
not figure on arrival distinction
it smells very good for the 3 fair
behind you classify the 16 to exile
winner who is close to the lot the most
rich by far the most titles and we get
remember a very beautiful victory
exactly in cabourg there are some
seasons the only one makes a brief pass
in the boxes of sébastien guarato that
did not work hottie and that's
like that it can happen back to
the sender to know jean etienne dubois
piron vercruysse for jean etienne
dubois it smells good at worst vercruysse to
cabourg it smells very good because it's
not commonplace
pierrot has recently come a gain from
work properly racing in
the legs after having worries of
health
it may not be enough to win that
may not be enough by May 3
in the hexagon hours it's still the
class trotter cases the titles to
argue and who already has very very
well done to cabo I feel obliged to
keep it win nothing to say it is
not in the three audi cut down missed
of a race where he had put so much
high anyway it is that your height
of the vercruysse turn that will see Kabul
yes who moves or lesson to like the
winner it smells good
in 3rd you rank the 10th ti-cats who
just won twice
it's very good yeah it's a mare
intermittently illuminates a quality
empty passage and mythomaniac does not explain
not the reasons precisely he does not know
why but what is it that matters
for us it is that the mare found
of her superb twice she has
especially won on this course a
fortnight by already making 25 meters the
only problem is that this time there will
was going badly but I think that in the
means I even think she'll be
installed favorite of the race yes because
that she stays on two victories the
chronos andriat déferré hinds
now I preferred him an evil that
in front and with the wind agree
right behind you rank this asset
de montbrun I think before going back
still on a brick interview b
thomas it's arnaud lecomte who has
met he'll just talk about my
her last two successes does she
has reached a plateau according to you and there we
can see her triple the amount
it would have been a shame to forget him
is very confident even though he is very
confident and that when aymeric thomas
is moderately confident we saw it on Tuesday
evening bye bye parishes the horse makes
the arrival then when he is confident
what are we going for
behind I said you rank the
this asset of montbrun which returns very
well he stays on a third place at
mont saint michel we go elsewhere
see his straight line voice were
heartfelt
yes green casaque here is one that
would act against the liberty anyway yes
but now he has had a good run in
in it was it was
little week he finished properly without
more but the choice must go up on it
to everybody
I prefer that it be referred for
put higher in a prognosis but
to do without philippe daugeard in cabourg
with a trotter who in front who is
well placed who is on the rising who
is a good right-hander who makes all his
races that is regular it's difficult
I think that sure blow instead in
the five 5 and he runs close in
invited on August 16th a summit is very
close together but I think you had
said he was asked to finish
so it's a race I think it
is doing good exactly
here it is now I can still
I think it's a hit in five
sets it's a little what philippe
daugeard said arnaud last
we're going to listen to his interview
speaks in particular of the state of form of
his resident
so he has that last picture
mont saint michel the race was not
too hard and I think he had
recovered that's why I
it's a nice consent for seniors
yes it's a good commitment after
I am aware that he has returned to
100% despite everything and I hope I can
finish by hand becomes the deputy he
is confirmed what does it do for the acquaintance
a little bit is not the professional
the most confident but there we feel in
his words that the horse is certainly not
not 100% but who will do the street and in
5th you rank leucate absolute truth
which is the most been seen to his advantage
on the grass
recently this is what we saw six co
that's what his trainer told us
now this winter at vincennes against
the only females
it was still pretty much the lines
are good 15 are the 2007 at vincennes
we stay locked up with mares who
have made gains since the deferred
later valentin royer his rival
evening know her by heart
besides there the success valentin royer
and the mare truth as very very
good these shortcomings that favorite
funny speculative instead well
we will follow you we understand it in
priority to young people and before concluding
of a you also have a nice nugget
for the cp meeting at the trotters who
remains several disqualification so I
adventure on a slippery slope with
the 306 vino nobile
but when he is king at cabourg in
apprentices it was very good at enghien
subsequently it went wrong
free of the four is still a
big advantage is the last time he
was deferrée of the four to the mounted
had won and well we will follow for a
poker shot on the 306 thank you very much
successful manicure tomorrow you will find
our specialists in deauville i tell you
very soon good game at all goodbye